Hey, good morning family.
I have another video for you all today.
I've been praying early this morning and seeking Him about what to do for a video for you all.
When I was praying, the Lord showed me more about what's coming.
I was going to deliver a lot of this word to you and tell you about more preparation, but when I was at the sink doing the dishes again tonight, the Lord spoke to me and He said, 'Brandon, they need a foundation.
They're going to have to have a foundation of the Word.
You can keep delivering the word and telling them what's coming, son, but I'm warning you to pray over this stuff.
' This is what I'm trying to tell you: the gross darkness that's coming and the things that would be like throwing gas on the fire for you all.
I know people are curious about what's coming, and it's important to know, but it's more important for you to have a foundation of the Word and know how to stand on it for what's coming than anything else.
You can know what's coming and be totally destroyed, or you can have a foundation of the Word of God and be able to resist, stand fast, and know how to believe for things to have victory in this storm.
If you don't have the Word and a concrete foundation—not a sandy soil or quicksand foundation—we're going to have a Word-based foundation of solid rock so that you can build your house on it and the storms of life will not blow down your home.
But if you do not have a foundation in the Word and it's on sand, your house is going to be swept away when the wave comes.
We'll get to all that stuff later; it's not important right now.
What's important is for you to understand: have you sat at the feet of Jesus today?
Have you sat with Him and started to develop a relationship with the Father sitting at His feet?
It is so important that you take the time every day to get in the Word and read your Bible.
Find scriptures that pertain to what you're believing for.
Like I've said over and over, start reading the New Testament all the way through.
Read two and three chapters a day.
Spend 20 to 30 minutes inside the Word.
If you can spend 30 minutes on Facebook, Instagram, and YouTube watching these videos, you can take 20 minutes for the Word.
I would rather you not watch any videos at all—mine or anyone else's on the prophetic network on YouTube—and take that time for the Word instead.
If you say you don't have enough time, then don't watch my video; get in the Word.
It's more important for you to get in the Word than to watch me or anybody else.
The Word is the priority in your life, period.
Pray.
It has to be the priority for what's coming, or you will not make it.
I'm just telling you, that may sound scary, but it needs to scare you because gross darkness is coming.
Very dark times are coming for the world, though not for the body of Christ.
Just like it says in Isaiah: 'Arise, shine, for thy light is come, and the glory of the Lord is risen upon thee.
' The rest of the verse talks about great darkness on the earth because of sin and gross darkness on the people.
If there's really bad darkness on these people and you're the light, how are you going to stay in the light?
Have you sat at the feet of Jesus today?
Have you listened to Him and talked to Him about your life, your direction, and where you're supposed to be living?
Are you living in a high-rise in New York City while God is trying to tell you to live in the country?
Are you in downtown Chicago and God is saying you need to move?
You might have a good job, but you're not seeking Him on another job while He's trying to tell you to move.
I'm telling you, you need to be in the place that God has for you.
Maybe He wants you in those cities because you're going to be a light there, but maybe He's trying to tell you to do something else.
You just need to hear Him.
People say they don't hear His voice at all; it's because you're not in the Word.
I was listening to statistics from Pastor Steve, who said 97% of all Christians don't read their Bible on a daily basis and only 3% have read the Word all the way through.
When I heard that statistic at church, I thought, 'This is serious.
' The foundation of the Word is what's going to get you through hard times.
You have got to get that Bible out and read it.
If you say it's too hard to understand, get a translation that you do understand.
It may be the New Living Translation—there are all kinds of really good translations.
Let's not get religious about this.
If you don't understand the King James Version, find a Bible that ministers to you.
If you're a teenager and you can only understand something like The Message Bible, that's better than nothing.
Read the Word.
It may be modernized, but it's the Word of God and it's going to change your life.
The Amplified Bible is also a good version that will help you.
I read all kinds of different translations because everything ministers to me differently.
Let's just get in the Word and not be petty.
Read two or three chapters every day.
When I talk about practicing the presence of the Lord, I'm talking about visualizing Him being there with you.
Talk to Him like you'd talk to your son or daughter.
Visualize that Jesus Christ is living on the inside of you.
I'm not saying to pretend; Jesus is real and He is living on the inside of you.
You practice His presence by thinking, 'Jesus, how is Your day today?
' Visualize Him sitting there with you.
Think about it in your head: Jesus is in me, He is with me, and I'm going to practice talking to Him.
Don't act like He's far away.
He said, 'I'll never leave you nor forsake you; lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world.
' That means He is dwelling in you.
The very atmosphere can get charged with the power of the Holy Ghost if you start worshiping and meditating on His Word.
Lord, I want to know You more; teach me Your ways.
The Bible says His sheep will know His voice, and a stranger's voice they will not follow.
How do you know someone's voice?
You become familiar with them.
If my wife calls me, I know her voice immediately.
If my son calls, I know immediately it's him.
Why?
Because you've spent time with them and developed a relationship over years.
It's the same way you develop a relationship with the Lord; you spend time with Him.
The more time you spend in prayer and reading His Word, the more you're going to know His voice.
For instance, my grandfather was one of my best friends.
I knew his voice perfectly, but he passed away 12 years ago.
I began to forget how his voice sounded until I found an old video recording of him.
I heard his voice and started crying because it was so precious to me.
Once you go back to it, you don't forget it again.
But if you don't spend quality time with that voice, you start to forget the pitch.
You've got to read the Bible and pray.
Let's make a plan to get in the Word every day.
We can start it now for the Jewish New Year; let's do it in Rosh Hashanah.
We don't have to wait for January.
If you feed your flesh three times a day, but your spirit is starving, you're in trouble.
Most people only feed their spirit for 30 minutes on Sunday.
If you go to a mega church and the only Bible time you have is reading scriptures on the teleprompter, that's not enough.
Your spirit needs to eat in the morning and at night.
If you start feeding your spirit, your life is going to change because God is the Word.
He inspired those words; they are Him, and they bring life into you.
It's like taking a spiritual bath every time you get in that Bible.
Renew your mind in it.
Pray and take a big spiritual drink.
If you do this, it will change your life.
If you don't hear the voice of God, it's because you're not spending time with Him.
He is no respecter of persons.
If He talks to me, He will talk to you.
My 8-year-old daughter hears the voice of the Lord because I'm teaching her at a young age.
He didn't make it hard; you just get in the Word, pray, and meditate on it.
This is not something you do once; it's something you do every day.
There are 365 days a year, 24 hours in a day, 52 weeks in a year.
This is your staple, just like eating and breathing.
Read your Bible every day, period.
By this time next year, right before the presidential elections in America, you will look back and remember what I told you.
You will say, 'My life has forever changed.
' I challenge you to a year of this.
You don't go to the gym just once to lose weight; you have to go to the spiritual gym.
Eat the Word and meditate on it.
Lift those spiritual weights.
In a year—or even 30 days—see where you are spiritually.
I give you a 30-day challenge starting right now.
Where will you be on October 6th?
Start now, reading three or four chapters and meditating on a verse that stands out to you.
Memorize it.
'The grass withers and the flower fades, but the word of the Lord remains forever.
' Get that inside your soul.
Memorize First Peter, memorize Isaiah, and know that 'Greater is He that is in you than he that is in the world.
' Know Second Timothy 1:7: 'God has not given you a spirit of fear, but of power, and of love, and of a sound mind.
' You need those scriptures for what's coming.
When the devourer comes knocking at your door, it's too late to start reading.
You can't say, 'Hold on, Mr.
Devil, I've got to get in my Bible for a bit.
' He’s already there.
You have to submit yourself unto God, resist the devil, and he will flee.
You need to know that He's made you more than a conqueror through Christ Jesus.
Your mountain has to hear your voice—the power of God in your voice.
Faith calls those things that be not as though they were.
It doesn't do any good to know what's coming if you don't have a foundation in the Word, because the winds and waves of life are coming.
You better have a revelation of who He is so you can understand your covenant.
It's time to get a foundation so that you can stand on the Word and know that you have not seen the righteous forsaken nor his seed begging bread.
If He takes care of the sparrow, He will take care of you.
If He multiplied for the five thousand, and if He provided for the widow with Elijah, He'll provide for you.
We've got to get in the Word so you can hear Him.
Father, I just thank You right now in the name of Jesus for my brothers and sisters.
I lift them up before You and thank You for the blood of Jesus Christ that covers them from head to toe.
We take authority over the spirit of fear, torment, depression, and anxiety.
We cast our cares upon You, for we know You care for us.
You loved us enough to send Your Son to die for us, so You will provide for us.
Father, help these people have a hunger for a revelation of Your Word.
I plead the blood over their ears that they have spiritual ears to hear what the Spirit is saying.
Holy Spirit, I thank You that You're stirring in them and getting them excited about Your Word.
I pray that the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened, according to Ephesians, and flooded with light today.
I plead the blood over their minds, their wills, and their emotions.
Give them wisdom like Solomon.
No torment comes nigh them.
Father, I thank You that as they seek You, they will find You.
I thank You that Your presence is filling their house right now.
Show them how much You love them and give them the peace that passes understanding.
I thank You that You meet their needs—spiritually, physically, financially, and emotionally.
I come in agreement for their finances and for healing.
By Your stripes, we are healed.
You were wounded for our transgressions and bruised for our iniquities.
We sit at Your feet today and ask, 'Lord, what's on Your heart today?
' We put You first.
We breathe in those pages; we breathe You in, Father.
We drink from the well.
Lord, we're thirsty for a mighty move of God.
Pour out Your Holy Ghost; I want to see the hand of God move mightily.
I'm hungry for a move of God.
Fill my cup, Lord; I lift it up.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
Bread of Heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole.
He inhabits the praises of His people.
If you enter His courts with praise, the manifestation of His glory comes.
When praises go up, blessings come down.
Worship Him first with thanksgiving.
Thank Him for what you have.
Don't go in like a spoiled brat acting like He owes you; He's already done it all.
Even if I'm just dust, I refuse to let a rock do my job.
Let everything that has breath praise the Lord, for He is worthy regardless of your circumstances.
Get in that place of worship right now.
Even if you only have a cracker to eat, be thankful and watch Him move on your behalf.
I remember when my parents had no money and no food.
We were hungry, staying in a hotel with cockroaches, and Dad had no job.
Mom pulled all the coins out of her purse just to get some cheap tacos.
My sister went back to that coin purse, praying, and found a supernatural $20 bill in there.
We rejoiced because we got to eat!
God comes through.
He's been faithful to me when I've had nothing.
Don't give up.
You've got to learn how to believe by faith.
God's going to do an accelerated time for you because Jesus is coming.
I bless you all in the mighty name of Jesus.
I believe for healing and prosperity for you.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you, and we love you.
We will see you next time.
Have a blessed and wonderful day.
Bye-bye.